Update customer-groups.md (#81)
AdobeDocs/commerce-admin.en: help/customers/customer-groups.md

>[!NOTE]
>
>After changing the company group, a company user must log out and log in on the Storefront to see new prices in the catalog.

> >When customer already assigned to a company, Admin user cannot update it's Customer Group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>When a customer is already assigned to a company, the Admin user cannot update the company's Customer Group.
```
